if you want to ride a motorcycle a lot
of people ride we teach you how to drive
your motorcycle
the modem our acronym mark is motorcycle
accident reduction knowledge and that's
what we try to teach here that's our
main goal is to give you some knowledge
that's going to reduce accidents while
you're riding your motorcycle at first
people i think they underestimate the
class they're like ah you know i've been
riding for 20 years i don't need any
training but i'll come take it and then
once they get out here they start
flopping around all over the place
looking very unstable very unsteady then
i think they get humbled a little bit
and then they get hungry oh boy how does
he do that yeah how do those instructors
ride that way and then they really latch
on to the material and like you know
they're just hungry for it and then once
we teach it to them it's really
rewarding to see their skill level
increase as well as their confidence
level increase if you had the msf course
that's great we encourage you to take
that course and then come to us we're
more for that mysterious enthusiast that
takes his riding to the next level
you're riding it already you're riding
on mission and your mission is not going
to have a collision and hurt yourself
and damage your bike to hurt somebody
else so your mission being ready you
ready is just like that linebacker that
shortstop you know they're ready they're
not sitting back like this works a
little bit harder we are your next level
we will challenge you at low speed will
challenge you at turning we will
challenge you on your breaking and
evasive maneuvers more so than probably
anybody else out here
the challenge is in the problems that we
have his motorcycle riders are probably
more prevalent or face us more often in
a slow-speed nature than they are even
running down the highway for instance
side streets busy urban environments
parking lots those are the places where
the surprises are going to come along
and
I think this course there's a real good
job of giving us those skills the way
you practice and the way you train here
is the way you're going to react out on
the street it's one of the best gifts
you can give them is a training course
not only does it increase their skill
level and their confidence level it's
going to help bring them back home to
that loved one main goal this thing is
just helping people and trying to get
back to your school that I enjoy and
love slip nutt and if we can help
somebody if we teach them just one
technique you know then it's worthwhile
they start you off gradually just on the
big / just doing big lamps and then you
start doing smaller circles and
incorporating different things you can
you wait on the bike and it's just a bit
and process the whole thing until like
you saw your watching off a 40-foot lamp
by the end of the day to do out here
skill that you didn't transfer not
straight the dirt and buy more day right
there come on always keep their knees in
there okay we're good i'll feel the
difference is i put your knee away from
you when we learn around like the small
or just like a small
was like just I didn't know if I was
gonna be able to make it all I was gonna
go down but just use your head and eyes
and look where you want to go oh yeah
it's amazing to see somebody such as a
Dalton you know he started out I mean he
could barely even get the bike started
and now he's lost in off of ramps and
jumping logs and riding straight lines
you know it's amazing the season might
grow from start to finish it's night and
day difference that you know how they
transfer all that information and
actually applied to the motorcycle and
once they begin to start trusting those
techniques that's being taught you can
see the like I mean you know without
their head and they actually start
riding the motorcycle on purpose you
know the way that they're being taught
to do it yes we need ride the motorcycle
on purpose nothing that's the key phrase
that comes out of the whole days riding
it go from you know being unsure about
what you're doing to riding the
motorcycle on purpose no one went to
counterbalance the motorcycle especially
in loose flu strain and just controlling
the motorcycle you know making it do
what you want it to do instead of you
know going willy-nilly you know you just
don't know you know but after a whole
day of riding on this this course
you just see it's 180 degrees out from
what they started you know